Create 2021-69.md (#225)
JupiterOne/docs: release-notes/2021-69.md

# JupiterOne 2021.69 Release

2021-04-21

## New Features and Improvements

- Made the "Add new dashboard" to Insights view more clear by removing checkboxes (the view is single select, not multi select)

- Made the alerts app sort by severity when it is loaded

- Added a minimum height to compliance evidence query results

> - Updated all existing procedures to have considerations if there are considerations matching the templates found in GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display "considerations" when available, in the editing view of a procedure in the Policies app. 
  Also updated all existing procedures to have considerations if available from the templates.
```

## Integrations

### Azure

- Added an option to auto-configure additional integrations for each
  subscription in a directory/tenant that does not have a "JupiterOne" tag set
  to "SKIP". Find this setting on the integration instance that you have
  configured to ingest Active Directory data from Azure.
- Added the `enabled` property to `azure_security_center_setting` entities.

> - Added support for ingesting the following **new** resources:

Reviewer: space empty line needed before and after the table

  | Service         | Resource / Entity                                 |
  | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
  | Security Center | `azure_security_center_setting`                   |
  | Security Center | `azure_security_center_auto_provisioning_setting` |
  | Policy          | `azure_policy_definition`                         |
  | Policy          | `azure_policy_set_definition`                     |
- Only ingest an entity for the subscription identified by the `subscriptionId`
  config field. Previously, the integration would create an entity for every
  subscription, though none of the resources would be ingested. This new
  behavior limits the scope to the subscription defined by `subscriptionId`.
- Fixed fetch errors related to fetching storage accounts when they do not
  support file and blob resources.
- Improved error messaging when `Directory.Read.All` permission is not present
  and `config.ingestActiveDirectory=true`.
- Fixed `DuplicateKeyError`s errors on `azure_vm_uses_storage_account` when
  multiple data disks point to the same storage account.
  
### Cobalt

Initial release of Cobalt.io integration (beta)! 🎉
- Check out the

>   [docs](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-cobalt/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md)

Reviewer: we need to copy and publish the Cobalt integration doc into the docs repo, and use relative link here:

```
[docs](../docs/integrations/cobalt/index.md)
```

Author: Replace line 46 link with the ../docs/integrations/cobalt/index.md?  Would you ping me the entire url when you get a chance?

  for details on what's currently supported.
  
### Gitlab

- Fixed failure to complete ingestion for some large Gitlab accounts by moving
  to latest infrastructure.
  
### Google Cloud

> - Added support for ingesting the following **new** resources:

Reviewer: Space/empty line after

  | Service               | Resource / Entity                                             |
  | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | API Gateway           | `google_api_gateway_api`                                      |
  |                       | `google_api_gateway_api_config`                               |
  |                       | `google_api_gateway_gateway`                                  |
  | Certificate Authority | `google_privateca_certificate_authority`                      |
  |                       | `google_privateca_certificate`                                |
  | Cloud Functions       | `google_cloud_function` **USES** `google_iam_service_account` |
  | Spanner               | `google_spanner_instance`                                     |
  |                       | `google_spanner_instance_database`                            |

>   |                       | `google_spanner_instance_config`                              |

Reviewer: space empty line needed

- Remove ingestion of raw data from `google_compute_instance` as it can contain
  a significant amount of data
  
### Jamf

- Fixed a regression that prevented connections to Jamf servers running on port
  `8443`.
  
### Qualys
- Added additional properties to `discovered_host` `Host` mapped entities:

>   - `tags`: Simple Qualys asset tag values (i.e. `tags: ["Cloud Agent"]`)

Reviewer: same here. space/empty line before and after. please fix other places too
